removing reference to APAC DC (#1981)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/cli/sauce-connect-proxy.md

<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |  <span className="sauceRed">4.7.x</span> <span className="sauceRed">4.8.x</span>| </small></p>

> **Description**: Sets your Sauce Labs [data center endpoint](/basics/data-center-endpoints/#data-center-endpoints) (e.g., `us-west`, `eu-central`).<br/>

Author: ```suggestion
**Description**: Sets your Sauce Labs [data center endpoint](/basics/data-center-endpoints/#data-center-endpoints) (for example., `us-west`, `eu-central`).<br/>
```
